[Security] Add documentation for `#[IsGranted]` and Voters (#18004)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/voters.rst

                // ...
            ;
        };

.. _security-voters-change-message-and-status-code:

Changing the message and status code returned
---------------------------------------------

By default, the ``#[IsGranted]`` attribute will throw a
:class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AccessDeniedException`

> and return a **403** status code with **Access Denied** as message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and return an http **403** status code with **Access Denied** as message.
```
